[Deckhouse] Add pods.denyTolerations and enable DELETE in webhook (#15457)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/015-admission-policy-engine/docs/README.md

To apply the policy, it will be sufficient to set the label `operation-policy.deckhouse.io/enabled: "true"` on the desired namespace.
The above policy is generic and recommended by Deckhouse team. Similarly, you can configure your own policy with the necessary settings.

> Briefly: `OperationPolicy` is a Deckhouse CustomResource that describes operational rules. It includes both general settings (`spec.policies.*`) and Pod‑level ones (`spec.policies.pods`). See the full schema and examples in the [OperationPolicy (CRD)](cr.html#operationpolicy) reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operational policies are described using a custom resource [`OperationPolicy`](cr.html#operationpolicy). It contains general policies (`spec.policies.*`) and operational policies for pods ([`spec.policies.pods`](cr.html#operationpolicy-v1alpha1-spec-policies-pods)).
```

I also suggest moving this fragment to the beginning of the block after the sentence "The module provides a set of operating policies and best practices for the secure operation of your applications".
